Enterprise 25.3 release branch (#874)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_docs/enterprise/configuration/overview.mdx

<TabItem value="AWS ElastiCache" label="AWS ElastiCache" default>

- Use a single-node cluster, as multi-node clusters are not supported

> - Use an instance with at least 6GB capacity ([cache.m4.large](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/CacheNodes.SupportedTypes.html) or greater)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use an instance with at least 6 GB capacity ([cache.m4.large](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/CacheNodes.SupportedTypes.html) or greater)
```
Unclear why this was changed

<TabItem value="Google Memorystore" label="Google Memorystore" default>

- Use a single-node cluster, as multi-node clusters are not supported

> - Use an instance with at least 6GB capacity ([M2](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/pricing#instance_pricing) or greater)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use an instance with at least 6 GB capacity ([M2](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/pricing#instance_pricing) or greater)
```
